"Wisdom is the reward you get for a lifetime of listening when you'd have preferred to talk." Doug Larson
"One of the most sincere forms of respect is actually listening to what another has to say." Bryant H. McGill
"Most people do not listen with the intent to understand; they listen with the intent to reply." Stephen R. Covey
Friends are those rare people who ask how we are, and then wait to hear the answer." Ed Cunningham
"Listening is a magnetic and strange thing, a creative force. The friends who listen to us are the ones we move toward. When we are listened to, it creates us, makes us unfold and expand." Karl A. Menniger
"Things change. And friends leave. Life doesn't stop for anybody." -Stephen Chbosky
"The love of family and the admiration of friends is much more important than wealth and privilege." Charles Kuralt
"Cherish your human connections--your relationships with friends and family." Barbara Bush
“True friendship comes when the silence between two people is comfortable.”  David Tyson
“Don’t make friends who are comfortable to be with. Make friends who will force you to lever yourself up.”  Thomas J. Watson
“Ultimately the bond of all companionship, whether in marriage or in friendship, is conversation.”  Oscar Wilde
“I don’t need a friend who changes when I change and who nods when I nod; my shadow does that much better.”  Plutarch
“It is not a lack of love, but a lack of friendship that makes unhappy marriages.” Friedrich Nietzsche
“Let us be grateful to the people who make us happy; they are the charming gardeners who make our souls blossom.” Marcel Proust
“If you go looking for a friend, you’re going to find they’re very scarce. If you go out to be a friend, you’ll find them everywhere.”  Zig Ziglar
“Anybody can sympathize with the sufferings of a friend, but it requires a very fine nature to sympathize with a friend’s success.” Oscar Wilde
“The most beautiful discovery true friends make is that they can grow separately without growing apart.” I Elisabeth Foley