Friends
"Wisdom is the reward you get for a lifetime of listening when you'd have preferred to talk.", Doug Larson \n

"One of the most sincere forms of respect is actually listening to what another has to say." ,Bryant H. McGill \n

"Most people do not listen with the intent to understand; they listen with the intent to reply." ,Stephen R. Covey \n

Friends are those rare people who ask how we are, and then wait to hear the answer." ,Ed Cunningham \n

Storytelling:
"Great stories happen to those who can tell them. " ,Ira Glass \n

Authenticity:
"We have to dare to be ourselves, however frightening or strange that self may prove to be." --May Sarton \n

"If you trade your authenticity for safety, you may experience the following: anxiety, depression, eating disorders, addiction, rage, blame, resentment, and inexplicable grief." -Brene Brown \n

Transparency:
"There is no persuasiveness more effectual than the transparency of a single heart, of a sincere life." --Joseph Barber Lightfoot \n

"A lack of transparency results in distrust and a deep sense of insecurity."
--Dalai Lama 

"Truth never damages a cause that is just." --Mahatma Gandhi

Responsiveness:
"Seeking means: to have a goal; but finding means: to be free, to be receptive, to have no goal."--Herman Hesse

"The best way to persuade people is with your ears--by listening to them. " -Dean Rusk

"Confidence, like art, never comes from having all the answers; it comes from being open to all the questions." -Earl Gray Stevens

"Life is 10% what happens to me and 90% how I react." -John Maxwell

Adaptability:
"It is not the strongest or the most intelligent who will survive but those who can best manage change." -Charles Darwin

"Adaptability is about the powerful difference between adapting to cope and adapting to win." -Max McKeown

"Learn to adjust yourself to the conditions you have to endure, but make a point of trying to alter or correct conditions so that they are most favorable to you." -William Frederick Book

"All fixed set patterns are incapable of adaptability or pliability. The truth is outside of all fixed patterns." ~ Bruce Lee

"A wise man adapts himself to circumstances, as water shapes itself to the vessel that contains it." -Chinese Proverb

Passion:
"Every great dream begins with a dreamer. Always remember, you have within you the strength, the patience, and the passion to reach for the stars to change the world." -Harriet Tubman

"There is no passion to be found playing small--in settling for a life that is less than the one you are capable of living." -Nelson Mandela

"Develop a passion for learning. If you do, you will never cease to grow." -Anthony J. D'Angelo

"Passion is energy. Feel the power that comes from focusing on what excites you." -Oprah Winfrey

"Nothing is as important as passion. No matter what you want to do with your life, be passionate." -Jon Bon Jovi

"You have to be burning with "an idea, or a problem, or a wrong that you want to right." If you're not passionate enough from the start, you'll never stick it out." Steve Jobs

Surprise:
"The husband who decides to surprise his wife is often very much surprised himself."--Voltaire

"Never tell people how to do things. Tell them what to do and they will surprise you with their ingenuity." -George S. Patton

Simplicity:
"Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication." -Leonardo da Vinci

"Simplicity and repose are the qualities that measure the true value of any work of art." -Frank Lloyd Wright

"Simplicity is prerequisite for reliability." -Edsger Dijkstra

"If you haven't done much giving in your life-try it and see how you feel afterwards." Michelle Moore, Selling Simplified

Gratefulness:
"Reflect upon your present blessings--of which every man has many--not on your past misfortunes, of which all men have some." -Charles Dickens

"The truest indication of gratitude is to return what you are grateful for." -Richard Paul Evans

"When you are grateful--when you can see what you have--you unlock blessings to flow in your life."--Suze Orman

"Cultivate the habit of being grateful for every good thing that comes to you, and to give thanks continuously. And because all things have contributed to your advancement, you should include all things in your gratitude." -Ralph Waldo Emerson

Kindness:
"This is my simple religion. There is no need for temples; no need for complicated philosophy. Our own brain, our own heart is our temple; the philosophy is kindness." -Dalai Lama

"A warm smile is the universal language of kindness." -William Arthur Ward

"There is overwhelming evidence that the higher the level of self-esteem, the more likely one will be to treat others with respect, kindness, and generosity." -Nathaniel Branden

"Wherever there is a human being, there is an opportunity for a kindness." -Lucius Annaeus Seneca

"Treat everyone with respect and kindness. Period. No exceptions." -Kiana Tom

"Kindness is a language which the deaf can hear and the blind can see." -Mark Twain

"The smallest act of kindness is worth more than the greatest intention." -Kahlil Gibran, The Essential Kahlil Gibran

"I would rather make mistakes in kindness and compassion than work miracles in unkindness and hardness." -Mother Teresa

"Never lose a chance of saying a kind word. " -William Makepeace Thackeray, Vanity Fair

"It's a little embarrassing that after 45 years of research & study, the best advice I can give people is to be a little kinder to each other." -Aldous Huxley

"It seems to me that no matter what religion you subscribe to, acts of kindness are the stepping-stones to making the world a better place--because we become better people in it." -Jodi Picoult

Humility:
"Never look down on anybody unless you're helping them up." Jesse Jackson

"Pride makes us artificial and humility makes us real." -Thomas Merton

"Humility, that low, sweet root, from which all heavenly virtues shoot." -Thomas Moore

"One cannot be humble and aware of oneself at the same time." Madeleine L'Engle, A Circle of Quiet

Giving:
"A kind gesture can reach a wound that only compassion can heal." -Steve Maraboli

"As we work to create light for others, we naturally light our own way." -Mary Anne Radmacher

Until we can receive with an open heart, we're never really giving with an open heart. When we attach judgment to receiving help, we knowingly or unknowingly attach judgment to giving help." -Bren Brown

"Even the smallest act of caring for another person is like a drop of water -it will make ripples throughout the entire pond..." -Jessy and Bryan Matteo

Persistance:
"Never let your persistence and passion turn into stubbornness and ignorance." -Anthony J. D'Angelo

"Success is stumbling from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm." -Winston Churchill

"The best way out is always through." -Robert Frost

Persistance line 9
https://www.inc.com/dave-kerpen/365-quotes-to-inspire-you-in-2014.html